pages/en/index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Door43 - open-licensed biblical content
tagline: open-licensed biblical content
header_title: Welcome to Door43!
permalink: /en/index.html
---

Door43 is an online repository for open-licensed Biblical content in any language. Contributors from all over the world use this site to work together to create, translate, and distribute unrestricted discipleship resources. Door43 is designed to interface with [translationStudio][ts]{:rel="nofollow"}.

Door43 is an open project that is managed by [unfoldingWord][uw]{:rel="nofollow"} and many volunteers.

## Get Started

If you are a translator, we suggest you start working in [translationStudio][ts]{:rel="nofollow"}.

Door43 allows you to explore the work of various translation projects for various languages by different users. To work on your own project or collaborate on an existing project, you first need to [register][gogs]{:rel="nofollow"}. This account can both be used here and on [translationStudio][ts]{:rel="nofollow"}.

To learn how to translate, check, publish, and use our tools, check out [translationAcademy][ta]{:rel="nofollow"}.

## Communication

If you have questions, you can post them on the [#helpdesk][help]{:rel="nofollow"} channel in Slack (see below) or email [help@door43.org][help-mail]{:rel="nofollow"}.

The Door43 community uses Slack to communicate. When you [join our team on Slack][slack]{:rel="nofollow"}, you can collaborate with other translators, share your ideas with the developers, and find help for your translation, checking, publishing, and technology needs. Slack works well in a Browser or you may download a native client for it as well.

[gogs]: https://git.door43.org/user/sign_up "register"
[help]: https://team43.slack.com/messages/helpdesk "#helpdesk"
[help-mail]: mailto:help@door43.org "help@door43.org"
[slack]: https://door43.org/en/slack "join our team on Slack"
[ta]: https://unfoldingword.org/academy "translationAcademy"
[ts]: https://unfoldingword.org/translationstudio "translationStudio"
[uw]: https://unfoldingword.org/ "unfoldingWord"

Commit message:

added Makefil, updated main page, moved en links into About

pages/en/index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Door43
tagline: unrestricted biblical content in every language
header_title: Welcome to Door43!
permalink: /en/index.html
---

Door43 is an online repository for open-licensed Biblical content in any language. Contributors from all over the world use this site to work together to create, translate, and distribute unrestricted discipleship resources.


## Get Started

<center>![tS Icon](/assets/img/icons/icon-ts.png)</center>

If you are a translator, we suggest you start working in [translationStudio][ts].


## Get Help

<center>![tS Icon](/assets/img/icons/icon-ta.png)</center>

If you are new to translation or the Door43 platform, check out [translationAcademy][ta] to learn all about the process.

The fastest way to get answers is to ask the #helpdesk channel in our [Team43 Slack Group][slack].  Or, email our helpdesk at email [help@door43.org][help-mail].

## Get Content

Placeholder for navigation.


[help]: https://team43.slack.com/messages/helpdesk "#helpdesk"
[help-mail]: mailto:help@door43.org "help@door43.org"
[slack]: https://door43.org/en/slack "join our team on Slack"
[ta]: https://unfoldingword.org/academy "translationAcademy"
[ts]: https://unfoldingword.org/ts/ "translationStudio"
[uw]: https://unfoldingword.org/ "unfoldingWord"
